get vodka down i miss her i wanna i
wanna give her a hug
holy [__] just
food perfect
oh my i found a bear or something
like and subscribe in the next five
seconds for a week of good luck
oh behind us somebody's behind us i
[__] up
i [__] help
i was pressing right click i don't even
know how to use
what what don't die oh my god elise
why are you [__] what did
give me the diamonds what the [__] are
you he's going to die
no don't don't find it don't mind it
don't mind it
what oh my god
[Laughter]
okay and then we're gonna be jumping
into and i know
it's not gonna be for everybody but it
will still be a good chill friday night
time
i promise you that everyone i do promise
you that
but we're gonna be doing some we're
gonna be not making this jump
um
i don't want to talk about it great
streamer less than three
diamonds
i mean if that's what you want uh the
main thing is oh what the [__]
if one person actually swings and you
hit the dog
it's aggroed on you and you're forced to
kill it huh oh yeah
oh yeah you should dig straight down
it's going with the beat chat it's going
with the beat
diamonds diamonds
oh
[Music]
what what what
they're stacked right help me help me
wait i have an idea
[Music]
had a sword but he didn't hit me i think
he was being nice let's go
dude there's a person to your left
behind you so yeah he doesn't have a
weapon
you're good
hey what am i doing oh god skippy just
found a chest you get i found one
hit that and get out of here it won't
let me open it
because there's a block above it all
right i don't know let's get out of here
oh he has a sword
no bro no no
mod for minecraft that allows you to
grow and brew coffee cool
what happened
now i can try to kill him
okay dude it's just you the other guy's
stuck on an island and it's like a two
by two
so if these guys these guys are gonna
kill this guy and it's just you
so try to try to park towards tekko and
then maybe go for a pic
go for a pick on one of them
hold on hold on we're not done yet it's
gonna be [__] stupid
you got the compass all right
that's right it's usually isn't it down
in the middle isn't the loot in the
middle
is this another damn pumpkin temple i
swear
i'm breaking this whatever this is
oh jesus i don't recommend uh going down
that way you're right
and we have a cobblestone generator
hello
uh city do you know there's a the
smallest
country in the world called vacation
city it's actually a country
no it's not a vacation city it's vatican
wait
[Music]
vacation city i wait why did nobody tell
me
oh god okay so we have to get down here
oh wait hold on let me take care of this
guy really quick
all right engineer toast reporting for
duty
all right wait out
no
[Music]
oh no oh no chat
god damn
[Music]
i think six thousand uh six thousand
pork's enough
i think don't get any spawners anymore
okay i'm i'm scared i'm going to die i
need i think i'll just
mine near my house there's our oh what's
that
oh what
oh man
if you're just joining the channel we've
got a what the heck is this
what the heck i mean like
[Music]
i'm actually kind of afraid of my
wrecker roof
[Music]
no are you serious
oh dude
wait what'd you find diamond horse armor
wow finally oh yeah
and two app golden apples what the heck
that's crazy it's about my horse
there's three diamonds in here wait two
sounds
oh [__]
[Music]
you